Added package reference for Debian to resolve error (#76876)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/become.rst

* The Secondary Logon service ``seclogon`` must be running to use ``ansible_become_method: runas``

Resolving Temporary File Error Messsages
----------------------------------------

> "Failed to set permissions on the temporary files Ansible needs to create when becoming an unprivileged user"

Author: This will support people googling for exactly this error message and having (potentially) an immediately resolvable result

> * In Debian systems, this error can be resolved by installing the `acl` package, which provides the `setfacl` command.

Reviewer: This seems too specific as it is not just Debian systems, is it?

Reviewer 2: A more generic 'This error can be resolved by installing the system package that provides the `setfacl` command.' would be better and avoid the need to list every OS family/package name

Author: What about a second page to link to that would call out specific packages?

>'This error can be resolved by installing the system package that provides the setfacl command. A list of compatible packages / resolutions can be found [here](https://mypretendlink.com)'

The overall goal would be, if I am someone who gets this error, I can google the error, and find a very clear trail to get to the answer, so I can follow whatever it says and keep working. Or, as I like to call it, the Stack Overflow School of Error Resolution. I can say from experience that currently figuring out the solution is a bit of a rabbit-hole, and I'd love to save someone else the same hassle.

It *is* somewhat distribution specific, but considering Debian and Ubuntu are among the most popular server distributions (and also literally the first hit if you google "Linux server download"), and Linux Mint is also .deb based, this covers an extensive amount of the Linux user base. I'd say if we said "In Debian/Ubuntu or compatible distros, do this. In Fedora/RHEL, do this", we'd cover the *vast* majority of users of the platform. And anyone using a more exotic version will at least appreciate the hint.

Author: I would absolutely understand if the Ansible team put Fedora over Debian in terms of server distributions. I'm just saying it makes sense to cover the vast majority of the user base of Linux, as it would encourage adoption.

Reviewer 2: works4me

> * In Debian systems, this error can be resolved by installing the `acl` package, which provides the `setfacl` command.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* This error can be resolved by installing the package that provides the ``setfacl`` command. (This is frequently the ``acl`` package but check your OS documentation.
```
